This guy again
Looks like this guy is doing well now
What a cat and a dog
Come and pull his tiger skin as a flag
What is your identity?
He actually called Tiger Lord by his name
The so-called tiger master in your mouth
Now helping me cook in my food stall
Help me entertain guests
or
I'll take you to taste his cooking later.
Business is Enough
You think you're bragging here?
I can find your face in Li Shao
I still think it makes me look up to you
Zhang Yi, I advise you
Wake up
You're getting old.
Don't always live in your own dreams
Li Wei, I have never spoken big words to you
Shut up. What did you say?
You said you'd bring it back really safe
But what happened?
Zhenzhen's legs haven't been neat yet
Do you know how miserable he has been these past few years?
Hahahahaha
Ah!
Mom, I can't move my legs.
It's okay, dad will take you to see a doctor, hold on
I see.
I'm sorry, really.
I don't expect you to forgive me
I only hope
You and Zhenzhen can give me a chance to make amends
What do you take to make up for it?
Look at your clothes
And the smell of oil fumes
I heard Wei Wei say
You set up a food stall.
A month, be diligent, it's only a few thousand dollars
What can you do?
I'm not short of money
As long as they need it
I can give you anything you want.
Hmph, you can get as much money as you want.
You really know how to brag!
Look at you now.
Can you take out 10,000 yuan?
Wei Wei I know
He must be trying to use your daughter's name.
I want money for you.